Hello and welcome to this introductive video to the laboratory
work of the course microprocessor architecture.
In this series of labs you will study different microprocessor
architectures in a practical way and apply what you will 
learn in various exercices.

There are a lot of different architectures out there,  
the point of this course in to introduce you to mutltiple
examples of such architectures, to make you understand how
their basic components operate and lay out the fundations 
on how microprocessors and microcontrollers work.

At the end of this course you should be able to work with
the different architectures we will present but also to have solid
general knowledge allowing you to tackle and learn new architectures
that you may not have seen before.

All the material required for this course is available on the
virtual university, also called UV, on the page of the course.

You will have one lab per week, for a total of 9 labs,
during some labs you will also have assignements, for a 
total of 5 assignements, you will find 
more information on the practical organisation
of the labs at the end of the video, or directly on the UV.

The people involved in this course are: professor
Dragomir Milojevic, who teaches the main course,
and the teaching assistants.

The teaching assistants will be available 2 times per week, 
for Q&A sessions about the laboratory work. 
The schedule for the Q&As is available on the UV.

We will study four architectures, starting with the RiSC16, a small
RiSC architecture created for edutiocationnal purposes during 4 sessions.
We will then see the dsPIC33 architecture, the architecture used
on dsPIC microcontrollers for 2 sessions.
Then, one session will be devoted to exercice on a small game with the TIS-100 architecture.
We will then finish with 3 sessions on the x86_64 architecture, the standard architecture
for most desktop and laptop computers, and specificly we will study
a special set on instructions called SIMD, Single Instruction Multiple Data,
available on this platform.

So what do you now ?
You should start by forming groups of 4 students and enroll in a group
on the UV.
Being enrolled in a group is very important and mandatory if you want to
ba able to submit your assignements.
There will be 5 assignements in total, as you can see in this table,
2 for the RiSC16, 1 for dsPIC33, 1 for TIS-100 and 2 for x86_64-SIMD.
Those assignements will be part of your final grade for the course.
The deadlines for each assignement is indicated on the UV. 




